PEM: Update notifications.mdx (#5862)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/9/monitoring_performance/notifications.mdx

       createUser -e 0x50454D5F534E4D505F4147454E540A pem_snmp_user MD5 pem_auth_pass DES pem_priv_pass
       authUser log pem_snmp_user
    ```
!!!note

> SNMP V3 can not work with an agent running as non-root.

Reviewer: @edbshubham  What do you think about rephrasing a bit to this? 

```suggestion
The agent must run as root to allow sending notifications with SNMP V3.
```

Author: looks great..Thanks
